DOC-11808 Docs for Audit Logs Page for Customers (#19428)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/cockroachcloud/organization-audit-logs-in-cloud-console.md

1. In the top navigation bar, select **Organization**, then choose **Audit Logs** from the dropdown menu. This will bring you to the **Audit Logs** page, which shows a (possibly empty) list of audit logs.

## Filter audit logs
Filter the audit logs by the following fields:

- **Time Range (UTC)**: 
  - Default: Last 48 hours.
  - To set the time range, select **Start date** or **End date**. Select your desired time range in the calendar dropdown or type in your desired dates and times. 
- **User email**: Select one or more email addresses from the list of [organization members]({% link cockroachcloud/managing-access.md %}#manage-an-organizations-users) (optional).
- **Action name**: Select one or more predefined auditable actions (optional).
- **Cluster name**: Select one or more cluster names (optional).

## Audit logs table

If audit logs are found for the filter selections, a table will be displayed with the following columns:

- **Time (UTC)**
- **Users**: Displays either a member's email or a [service account name]({% link cockroachcloud/managing-access.md %}#manage-service-accounts). *(Note: You cannot filter by service account name.)*
- **Action name**
- **Cluster name**

> - **Source**: Displays either `UI` for actions executed in the {{ site.data.products.cloud }} Console or `API` for actions executed via the [{{ site.data.products.cloud }} API]({% link cockroachcloud/cloud-api.md %}).

Reviewer: I think this just needs language to cover the "CRL" use case as a source.

Author: add `CRL`.  @kteehan please approve this pr or let me know if any other changes are needed.

---
title: View Organization Audit Logs in the Cloud Console
summary: Learn how to view CockroachDB Cloud organization audit logs in the Cloud Console.
toc: true
docs_area: manage
cloud: true
---

CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.cloud }} captures audit logs when many types of events occur, such as when a cluster is created or when a user is added to or removed from an organization.

## View audit logs

> 1. Navigate to the [CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.cloud }} Console](https://cockroachlabs.cloud/) and log in as an account with the [Organization Admin role]({% link cockroachcloud/authorization.md %}#org-administrator).

Reviewer 2: "log in as an account" -- is this a typo? Should this be "user"?

Author: updated

1. In the top navigation bar, select **Organization**, then choose **Audit Logs** from the dropdown menu. This will bring you to the **Audit Logs** page, which shows a (possibly empty) list of audit logs.

## Filter audit logs
Filter the audit logs by the following fields:

- **Time Range (UTC)**: 
  - Default: Last 48 hours.
  - To set the time range, select **Start date** or **End date**. Select your desired time range in the calendar dropdown or type in your desired dates and times. 
- **User email**: Select one or more email addresses from the list of [organization members]({% link cockroachcloud/managing-access.md %}#manage-an-organizations-users) (optional).

> - **Action name**: Select one or more predefined auditable actions (optional).

Reviewer 3: @florence-crl Will do. Added a link to this comment in my task/draft so I’ll come back to this.

- **Cluster name**: Select one or more cluster names (optional).

> ## Audit logs table

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Audit Logs table
```

Since the only title above the table is the 'page title' "Audit Logs" I'm inclined to use it as-is with the title case, as the 'title' of the table.

If audit logs are found for the filter selections, a table will be displayed with the following columns:

- **Time (UTC)**
- **Users**: Displays either a member's email or a [service account name]({% link cockroachcloud/managing-access.md %}#manage-service-accounts). *(Note: You cannot filter by service account name.)*
- **Action name**
- **Cluster name**
- **Source**: Displays the following:
  - `UI` for actions executed in the {{ site.data.products.cloud }} Console.
  - `API` for actions executed via the [{{ site.data.products.cloud }} API]({% link cockroachcloud/cloud-api.md %}).

>   - `CRL` for actions executed by Cockroach Labs.

Reviewer 3: @florence-crl Thanks for checking and updating here. Good to know.

## Audit log details

> Click on a log row in the audit logs table to open an **Action details** right sidebar displaying event information, including the full payload in the **Details** section.

Reviewer 3: I wasn't sure about the "sidebar" term, so I did [this](https://chatgpt.com/share/e/67fffe9c-35d0-800f-9ffd-ae97fb9c2dc5) and tweaked my preferred result, below. Your call, though.

```suggestion
Click a row in the Audit Logs table to open the **Action details** panel, which displays event information, including the full payload in the Details section.
```

> ## URL Query Parameters

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## URL query parameters
```

For organization administrators, security teams, and compliance officers, audit logs provide critical insights into system activities. These logs are essential for:

- Tracking user role changes
  - Example: To identify when and by whom an Admin role was assigned, filter by the action `ADD_USER_TO_ROLE`.
- Investigating cluster costs
  - Example: To determine who created a cluster and when, filter by the action `CREATE_CLUSTER`.
- Understanding IP allowlisting changes
  - Example: To identify why and by whom an IP address was added, filter by the action `ADD_IP_ALLOWLIST`.
- Verifying cluster deletions
  - Example: To ensure cluster deletions were intentional, filter by the action `DELETE_CLUSTER`.
- Diagnosing performance issues
  - Example: To track configuration changes affecting performance, filter by the action `UPDATE_CLUSTER`
- Analyzing security threats
  - Example: To investigate failed login attempts and suspicious login activity, filter by the action `USER_LOGIN`.
- Reviewing maintenance schedule changes
  - Example: To track modifications to maintenance windows, filter by the actions `SET_CLUSTER_MAINTENANCE_WINDOW` and `DELETE_CLUSTER_MAINTENANCE_WINDOW`.

> ## See also

Author: updated
